Feat(AIGW): FOrward proxy (#5906)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/ai-gateway/v2/konnect-aigw-setup.md

> To create a new Gateway using Konnect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new AI Gateway using {{site.konnect_short_name}}, do the following:
```

> 1. Create a new personal access token by opening the [Konnect PAT page](https://cloud.konghq.com/global/account/tokens) and selecting **Generate Token**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new personal access token from the [{{site.konnect_short_name}} PAT page](https://cloud.konghq.com/global/account/tokens) by selecting **Generate Token**.
```

> 1. Export your token to an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export your token as an environment variable:
```

   ```bash

>    export KONNECT_TOKEN='YOUR_KONNECT_PAT'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   export KONNECT_TOKEN='YOUR KONNECT PAT'
```

   ```

> 1. Run the {{site.ai_gateway}} [quickstart script](https://get.konghq.com/quickstart/ai) to automatically provision a Control Plane in {{site.konnect_product_name}} and a local Data Plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the {{site.ai_gateway}} [quickstart script](https://get.konghq.com/quickstart/ai) to automatically provision a control plane in {{site.konnect_product_name}} and a local data plane:
```

   ```bash
   curl -Ls https://get.konghq.com/quickstart/ai | bash -s -- -k $KONNECT_TOKEN
   ```

> This sets up a {{site.ai_gateway}} Control Plane named `ai-quickstart`, provisions a local Data Plane, and prints out the following environment variables export:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sets up a {{site.ai_gateway}} control plane named `ai-quickstart`, provisions a local data plane, and prints out the following environment variables export:
```
